41soo 가져iss
Without the funds, these two things cannot be done.
If we try to do it, we have to reduce it on the one hand, and at the same time increase the amount of funds and
contributions to other parties.
Increasing to the right and reducing to the left is the same work for the people.
They can't say anything other than what they saw when they were in the past.
When I say that to forming shrugs, or flag
The nation of the people can't say
nothing other than conflicts between the corresponding parties or they can't that
The election officials cannot do that, so they must choose their own case.
In other words, they must vote for the main issue, which is the corruption that has been mentioned before.
The reason for fixing corruption is the current tax.
What is terrible about this is the tax on the increase.
The Ryodai Seito is a tax-raising party, although they fight,
they try to reduce the tax on the increase, that is, to fix the corruption.
They do not let the real work be done.
They work to make the new tax increase reliable.
Those who are really angry with the state or worry about their lives,
they should not vote for the Ryodai Seito, which should make the new tax increase serious.
However, if you want to die in pain, you should vote for the tax increase.
It is the closest way to achieving the real work of the corruption.
You can vote for the corruption, but you cannot vote for the tax increase.
The tax increase is the result of the new tax,
which is the result of the new tax.
If you give the benefit of the small-scale workers and suffer the large-scale workers,
the tax increase will be even worse.
For example, the government is trying to increase the tax on the opening of the government,
but there is a plan to increase the tax on the iron and wood.
If the tax increase is increased to the amount of the people who sell wood with the mountain,
the benefit of the tax will be about 50%.
However, all the people who buy wood all over the country suffer.
Probably, the people who sell wood are all over Japan,
and the people who try to sell wood with the mountain are about 50%.
The people who buy wood and have to buy wood are about 90%.
The way to pay the tax is to suffer 90% of the people and increase the benefit of the people who are in the 10% of the people.
In the past, the tax increase was the most severe tax increase.